name: Marvelous Grace
ccli: 999999
artist: Immanuel Worship
---

Marvelous grace of our 
loving Lord
Grace that exceeds 
our sin and our guilt

Yonder on Calvary's 
mount out-poured
There where the blood 
of the Lamb was spilt

Grace grace God's grace
Grace that will pardon 
and cleanse within

Grace grace God's grace
Grace that is greater 
than all our sin

Sin and despair like
the sea-waves cold
Threaten the soul 
with infinite loss

Grace that is greater
yes grace untold
Points to the Refuge 
the mighty Cross

Grace grace God's grace
Grace that will pardon 
and cleanse within

Grace grace God's grace
Grace that is greater 
than all our sin

Marvelous infinite 
matchless grace
Freely bestowed 
on all who believe

You that are longing 
to see His face
Will you this moment 
His grace receive

Grace grace God's grace
Grace that will pardon 
and cleanse within

Grace grace God's grace
Grace that is greater 
than all our sin

Grace that is greater 
than all our sin
